NMS-14629: Add alt text to Deployment docs (#5633)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/core/getting-started.adoc

You can verify your firewall and port forwarding configuration by sending an SNMP trap from a remote system to your {page-component-title} core instance:

[source, console]
snmptrap -v 2c -c public opennms-core-host '' 1.3.6.1.4.1.2021.991.17 .1.3.6.1.2.1.1.6.0 s "Milky Way" <1><2>

> <1> By default, OpenNMS uses the `public` community string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> By default, {page-component-title} uses the `public` community string.
```
